README.md, before:

The Doki Theme: Visual Studio
---

## https://doki-theme.unthrottled.io

## Quick Theme Preview

![Themes](readmeAssets/themes.webp)


# [More Screenshots](readmeAssets/albums/screenshot_album.md)

## [Changelog](CHANGELOG.md)

---

# Documentation

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
  - [Setting Theme](#setting-theme)
  - [Content Settings](#content-settings)
    - [Stickers](#stickers)
    - [Wallpaper](#wallpapers)
- [Miscellaneous](#miscellaneous)
    - [Contributing](#contributing) 
    - [Theme Requests](#theme-requests)
    - [Helping the community](#enjoying-the-themes)
    - [Feature Requests](#contributions)

# Installation 

You can find the latest release [at the marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=unthrottled.dokithemevisualstudio).

# Usage

You've installed the extension in your Visual Studio now, great!
The following sections should give you an idea of all of the capabilities that the plugin provides.

## Setting Theme

You've got a ton of new themes now! 
To set the look and feel of your IDE, you'll want to navigate to:

<kbd>Tools</kbd> > <kbd>Options</kbd> > <kbd>Environment</kbd> > <kbd>Visual Experience</kbd>

![Setting Theme](readmeAssets/screens/setting_theme.png)

Upon selecting a Doki Theme, your related sticker & wallpaper should be installed as well (provided you have them turned on).

## Content Settings

You get automatic weebification of your IDE with this plugin!
Here's what Otaku related content you can control.

You can navigate to the settings here

<kbd>Tools</kbd> > <kbd>Options</kbd> > <kbd>Doki Theme Settings</kbd> > <kbd>General</kbd>

![Setting Theme](readmeAssets/screens/doki_settings.png)

### Stickers

**DrawSticker**: `true/false`: determines whether the cute little sticker in the right hand corner of your open editor should be rendered.

![Sticker Config](readmeAssets/screens/sticker_config.png)

**CustomStickerImageAbsolutePath**:  You've got your own tastes, that's fine I get that, but you're wrong and I hate you.
That's why I've allowed you to set your own custom sticker to be used for all doki themes. 
The value provided _must_ be an absolute path to the local file on your machine to be used. Feel free to use the `...` to pick a file.

**Note**: stickers go away if you use a non-Doki Theme.

### Wallpapers

**Important!** This plugin and [ClaudiaIDE](https://github.com/buchizo/ClaudiaIDE) do the same thing for installing wallpapers.
You'll want to either turn off the wallpaper for this plugin or ClaudiaIDE, to avoid unexpected behaviour.

**DrawWallpaper**: `true/false`: determines whether the beautiful wallpaper in the background of your open editor should be rendered.

![Wallpaper Config](readmeAssets/screens/wallpaper_config.png)

**CustomWallpaperImageAbsolutePath**:  My taste in wallpapers isn't good enough for you?
Fine be that way, I've allowed you to set your own custom wallpaper to be used for all Doki themes.
The value provided _must_ be an absolute path to the local file on your machine to be used. Feel free to use the `...` to pick a file.

**Note**: wallpapers go away if you use a non-Doki Theme.

**WallpaperOpacity** Value Range: `[-1.0, 1]` (eg: 0.5 for half opacity) It looks good on my machine! 
I've carefully picked the various opacity levels for the default wallpapers to look good on my monitors.
However, that might not be the case for yours. 
So you might need to customize the brightness to your liking.

You can always set it back to `-1` and you'll get the default opacity that I picked.

| **WallpaperOpacity**: `-1` | **WallpaperOpacity**: `0.25` |
| --- | --- |
| ![default opacity](readmeAssets/screens/opacity_def.png) |  ![default opacity](readmeAssets/screens/opacity_quarter.png) |

# Miscellaneous

## Contributing

If you want to get your workstation set up to work on the plugin,
then you'll want to check out the [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md) for instructions on what is needed.

## Theme Requests

If you want your main squeeze to be featured in the Doki Theme suite, feel free to [submit a theme request](https://github.com/doki-theme/doki-master-theme/issues).

## Enjoying the themes?

Great! I am glad you like it!

Be sure to ⭐ and share it with other weebs!

## Contributions?

I think your voice needs to be heard! You probably have good ideas, so feel free to submit your feedback as [an issue](https://github.com/doki-theme/doki-theme-visualstudio/issues/new).

Help make this plugin better!

Commit message:

Targeting Visual Studio Professional as well (#24)
* Targeting Visual Studio Professional as well

* Updated changelog

* Added info about content being downloaded from interwebz.

README.md, after:

The Doki Theme: Visual Studio
---

## https://doki-theme.unthrottled.io

## Quick Theme Preview

![Themes](readmeAssets/themes.webp)


# [More Screenshots](readmeAssets/albums/screenshot_album.md)

## [Changelog](CHANGELOG.md)

---

# Documentation

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
  - [Setting Theme](#setting-theme)
  - [Content Settings](#content-settings)
    - [Offline Mode](#offline-mode)
    - [Stickers](#stickers)
    - [Wallpaper](#wallpapers)
- [Miscellaneous](#miscellaneous)
    - [Contributing](#contributing) 
    - [Theme Requests](#theme-requests)
    - [Helping the community](#enjoying-the-themes)
    - [Feature Requests](#contributions)

# Installation 

You can find the latest release [at the marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=unthrottled.dokithemevisualstudio).

# Usage

You've installed the extension in your Visual Studio now, great!
The following sections should give you an idea of all of the capabilities that the plugin provides.

## Setting Theme

You've got a ton of new themes now! 
To set the look and feel of your IDE, you'll want to navigate to:

<kbd>Tools</kbd> > <kbd>Options</kbd> > <kbd>Environment</kbd> > <kbd>Visual Experience</kbd>

![Setting Theme](readmeAssets/screens/setting_theme.png)

Upon selecting a Doki Theme, your related sticker & wallpaper should be installed as well (provided you have them turned on).

## Content Settings

You get automatic weebification of your IDE with this plugin!
Here's what Otaku related content you can control.

You can navigate to the settings here

<kbd>Tools</kbd> > <kbd>Options</kbd> > <kbd>Doki Theme Settings</kbd> > <kbd>General</kbd>

![Setting Theme](readmeAssets/screens/doki_settings.png)

### Offline Mode

**Important**: Assets are _not_ bundled with the extension. When a theme is applied, assets are downloaded from a CDN.
You only need an internet connection the first time setting a theme. After that, the asset will be available offline.

### Stickers

**DrawSticker**: `true/false`: determines whether the cute little sticker in the right hand corner of your open editor should be rendered.

![Sticker Config](readmeAssets/screens/sticker_config.png)

**CustomStickerImageAbsolutePath**:  You've got your own tastes, that's fine I get that, but you're wrong and I hate you.
That's why I've allowed you to set your own custom sticker to be used for all doki themes. 
The value provided _must_ be an absolute path to the local file on your machine to be used. Feel free to use the `...` to pick a file.

**Note**: stickers go away if you use a non-Doki Theme.

### Wallpapers

**Important!** This plugin and [ClaudiaIDE](https://github.com/buchizo/ClaudiaIDE) do the same thing for installing wallpapers.
You'll want to either turn off the wallpaper for this plugin or ClaudiaIDE, to avoid unexpected behaviour.

**DrawWallpaper**: `true/false`: determines whether the beautiful wallpaper in the background of your open editor should be rendered.

![Wallpaper Config](readmeAssets/screens/wallpaper_config.png)

**CustomWallpaperImageAbsolutePath**:  My taste in wallpapers isn't good enough for you?
Fine be that way, I've allowed you to set your own custom wallpaper to be used for all Doki themes.
The value provided _must_ be an absolute path to the local file on your machine to be used. Feel free to use the `...` to pick a file.

**Note**: wallpapers go away if you use a non-Doki Theme.

**WallpaperOpacity** Value Range: `[-1.0, 1]` (eg: 0.5 for half opacity) It looks good on my machine! 
I've carefully picked the various opacity levels for the default wallpapers to look good on my monitors.
However, that might not be the case for yours. 
So you might need to customize the brightness to your liking.

You can always set it back to `-1` and you'll get the default opacity that I picked.

| **WallpaperOpacity**: `-1` | **WallpaperOpacity**: `0.25` |
| --- | --- |
| ![default opacity](readmeAssets/screens/opacity_def.png) |  ![default opacity](readmeAssets/screens/opacity_quarter.png) |

# Miscellaneous

## Contributing

If you want to get your workstation set up to work on the plugin,
then you'll want to check out the [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md) for instructions on what is needed.

## Theme Requests

If you want your main squeeze to be featured in the Doki Theme suite, feel free to [submit a theme request](https://github.com/doki-theme/doki-master-theme/issues).

## Enjoying the themes?

Great! I am glad you like it!

Be sure to ⭐ and share it with other weebs!

## Contributions?

I think your voice needs to be heard! You probably have good ideas, so feel free to submit your feedback as [an issue](https://github.com/doki-theme/doki-theme-visualstudio/issues/new).

Help make this plugin better!
