readmeAssets/albums/screenshot_album.md, before:

Darling in the Franxx
---

### Zero Two 

![zero_two_dark_code](../screens/themes/zero_two_dark_code.png)
![zero_two_light_code](../screens/themes/zero_two_light_code.png)

NekoPara
---

### Chocola
![chocola_dark_code](../screens/themes/chocola_dark_code.png)

### Vanilla

![vanilla_dark_code](../screens/themes/vanilla_dark_code.png)

### Coconut

![coconut_dark_code](../screens/themes/coconut_dark_code.png)

### Maple

![maple_dark_code](../screens/themes/maple_dark_code.png)
![maple_light_code](../screens/themes/maple_light_code.png)

### Cinnamon

![cinnamon_dark_code](../screens/themes/cinnamon_dark_code.png)

### Azuki

![azuki_dark_code](../screens/themes/azuki_dark_code.png)

### Shigure

![shigure_light_code](../screens/themes/shigure_light_code.png)

YuruCamp
---

### Shima Rin

![shima_rin_dark_code](../screens/themes/shima_rin_dark_code.png)

Monogatari
---

###  Hanekawa Tsubasa

![hanekawa_dark_code](../screens/themes/hanekawa_dark_code.png)

KonoSuba
---

### Aqua

![aqua_dark_code](../screens/themes/aqua_dark_code.png)

### Darkness

![darkness_dark_code](../screens/themes/darkness_dark_code.png)
![darkness_light_code](../screens/themes/darkness_light_code.png)

### Megumin

![megumin_code](../screens/themes/megumin_code.png)

Quintessential Quintuplets
---

### Nakano Nino

![nakano_nino_dark_code](../screens/themes/nakano_nino_dark_code.png)

### Nakano Miku

![nakano_miku_dark_code](../screens/themes/nakano_miku_dark_code.png)

OreImo (My little sister cannot be this cute)
---

### Kosaka Kirino

![kirino_dark_code](../screens/themes/kirino_dark_code.png)

EroManga Sensei
---

### Izumi Sagiri

![sagiri_dark_code](../screens/themes/sagiri_dark_code.png)

TypeMoon
---

## Fate

### Ishtar
![ishtar_dark_code](../screens/themes/ishtar_dark_code.png)
![ishtar_light_code](../screens/themes/ishtar_light_code.png)

### Tohsaka Rin
![rin_dark_code](../screens/themes/rin_dark_code.png)

### Astolfo
![astolfo_dark_code](../screens/themes/astolfo_dark_code.png)

## Lord El-Melloi II Case Files

### Gray

![gray_dark_code](../screens/themes/gray_dark_code.png)

Sword Art Online
---

### Yuuki Asuna

![asuna_dark_code](../screens/themes/asuna_dark_code.png)
![asuna_light_code](../screens/themes/asuna_light_code.png)

Don't Toy With Me Miss Nagatoro
---

### Hayase Nagatoro

![nagatoro_dark_code](../screens/themes/nagatoro_dark_code.png)


Re:Zero
---

### Echidna
![echinda_dark_code](../screens/themes/echinda_dark_code.png)

### Emilia
![emilia_dark_code](../screens/themes/emilia_dark_code.png)
![emilia_light_code](../screens/themes/emilia_light_code.png)

### Ram
![ram_dark_code](../screens/themes/ram_dark_code.png)

### Rem
![rem_dark_code](../screens/themes/rem_dark_code.png)

### Beatrice

![beatrice_code](../screens/themes/beatrice_code.png)


DanganRonpa
---

### Mioda Ibuki

![ibuki_dark_code](../screens/themes/ibuki_dark_code.png)
![ibuki_light_code](../screens/themes/ibuki_light_code.png)


Miss Kobayashi's Dragon Mad
---

### Kanna

![kanna_dark_code](../screens/themes/kanna_dark_code.png)

### Tohru

![tohru_light_code](../screens/themes/tohru_light_code.png)


Lucky Star
---

### Izumi Konata
![konata_dark_code](../screens/themes/konata_dark_code.png)


Steins Gate
---

### Makaise Kurisu

![kurisu_dark_code](../screens/themes/kurisu_dark_code.png)

Rascal Dreams of Bunny Girl Senpai
---

### Sakurajima Mai

![mai_dark_code](../screens/themes/mai_dark_code.png)
![mai_light_code](../screens/themes/mai_light_code.png)

Blend S
---

### Sakuranomiya Maika

![maika_dark_code](../screens/themes/maika_dark_code.png)


Daily Life with a Monster Girl
---

### Miia

![miia_dark_code](../screens/themes/miia_dark_code.png)

Vocaloid
---

### Hatsune Miku
![miku_code](../screens/themes/miku_code.png)


Neon Jellyfish Evan Gel Lion
---

### Katsuragi Misato
![misato_dark_code](../screens/themes/misato_dark_code.png)

### Ayanami Rei
![rei_dark_code](../screens/themes/rei_dark_code.png)


Doki-Doki Literature Club
---

### Just Monika
![monika_dark_code](../screens/themes/monika_dark_code.png)
![monika_light_code](../screens/themes/monika_light_code.png)

### Natsuki
![natsuki_dark_code](../screens/themes/natsuki_dark_code.png)
![natsuki_light_code](../screens/themes/natsuki_light_code.png)

### Sayori
![sayori_dark_code](../screens/themes/sayori_dark_code.png)
![sayori_light_code](../screens/themes/sayori_light_code.png)

### Yuri
![yuri_dark_code](../screens/themes/yuri_dark_code.png)
![yuri_light_code](../screens/themes/yuri_light_code.png)


Highschool DxD
---

### Rias Gremory

![rias_crimson_code](../screens/themes/rias_crimson_code.png)
![rias_onyx_code](../screens/themes/rias_onyx_code.png)


Gate
---

### Rory Mercury

![rory_dark_code](../screens/themes/rory_dark_code.png)

KillLaKill
---

### Matoi Ryuko

![ryuko_code](../screens/themes/ryuko_code.png)
![ryuko_light_code](../screens/themes/ryuko_light_code.png)

### Kiryuin Satsuki

![satsuki_light_code](../screens/themes/satsuki_light_code.png)
![satsuki_dark_code](../screens/themes/satsuki_dark_code.png)

Love Live
---

### Sonoda Umi

![umi_dark_code](../screens/themes/umi_dark_code.png)

OreGairu
---

### Yukinoshita Yukino

![yukino_dark_code](../screens/themes/yukino_dark_code.png)

Kakegurui
---

### Jabami Yumeko
![yumeko_dark_code](../screens/themes/yumeko_dark_code.png)


Future Diary
---

### Gasai Yuno
![yuno_dark_code](../screens/themes/yuno_dark_code.png)

Commit message:

v2 - Jahy-sama Will Not Be Discouraged!

readmeAssets/albums/screenshot_album.md, after:

Darling in the Franxx
---

### Zero Two 

![zero_two_dark_code](../screens/themes/zero_two_dark_code.png)
![zero_two_light_code](../screens/themes/zero_two_light_code.png)

NekoPara
---

### Chocola
![chocola_dark_code](../screens/themes/chocola_dark_code.png)

### Vanilla

![vanilla_dark_code](../screens/themes/vanilla_dark_code.png)

### Coconut

![coconut_dark_code](../screens/themes/coconut_dark_code.png)

### Maple

![maple_dark_code](../screens/themes/maple_dark_code.png)
![maple_light_code](../screens/themes/maple_light_code.png)

### Cinnamon

![cinnamon_dark_code](../screens/themes/cinnamon_dark_code.png)

### Azuki

![azuki_dark_code](../screens/themes/azuki_dark_code.png)

### Shigure

![shigure_light_code](../screens/themes/shigure_light_code.png)

YuruCamp
---

### Shima Rin

![shima_rin_dark_code](../screens/themes/shima_rin_dark_code.png)

Monogatari
---

###  Hanekawa Tsubasa

![hanekawa_dark_code](../screens/themes/hanekawa_dark_code.png)

KonoSuba
---

### Aqua

![aqua_dark_code](../screens/themes/aqua_dark_code.png)

### Darkness

![darkness_dark_code](../screens/themes/darkness_dark_code.png)
![darkness_light_code](../screens/themes/darkness_light_code.png)

### Megumin

![megumin_code](../screens/themes/megumin_code.png)

Quintessential Quintuplets
---

### Nakano Nino

![nakano_nino_dark_code](../screens/themes/nakano_nino_dark_code.png)

### Nakano Miku

![nakano_miku_dark_code](../screens/themes/nakano_miku_dark_code.png)

OreImo (My little sister cannot be this cute)
---

### Kosaka Kirino

![kirino_dark_code](../screens/themes/kirino_dark_code.png)

EroManga Sensei
---

### Izumi Sagiri

![sagiri_dark_code](../screens/themes/sagiri_dark_code.png)

TypeMoon
---

## Fate

### Ishtar
![ishtar_dark_code](../screens/themes/ishtar_dark_code.png)
![ishtar_light_code](../screens/themes/ishtar_light_code.png)

### Tohsaka Rin
![rin_dark_code](../screens/themes/rin_dark_code.png)

### Astolfo
![astolfo_dark_code](../screens/themes/astolfo_dark_code.png)

## Lord El-Melloi II Case Files

### Gray

![gray_dark_code](../screens/themes/gray_dark_code.png)

Sword Art Online
---

### Yuuki Asuna

![asuna_dark_code](../screens/themes/asuna_dark_code.png)
![asuna_light_code](../screens/themes/asuna_light_code.png)

Jahy-sama Will Not Be Discouraged!
---

### Jahy

![jahy_dark_smol_code](../screens/themes/jahy_dark_smol_code.png)

Don't Toy With Me Miss Nagatoro
---

### Hayase Nagatoro

![nagatoro_dark_code](../screens/themes/nagatoro_dark_code.png)


Re:Zero
---

### Echidna
![echinda_dark_code](../screens/themes/echinda_dark_code.png)

### Emilia
![emilia_dark_code](../screens/themes/emilia_dark_code.png)
![emilia_light_code](../screens/themes/emilia_light_code.png)

### Ram
![ram_dark_code](../screens/themes/ram_dark_code.png)

### Rem
![rem_dark_code](../screens/themes/rem_dark_code.png)

### Beatrice

![beatrice_code](../screens/themes/beatrice_code.png)


DanganRonpa
---

### Mioda Ibuki

![ibuki_dark_code](../screens/themes/ibuki_dark_code.png)
![ibuki_light_code](../screens/themes/ibuki_light_code.png)


Miss Kobayashi's Dragon Mad
---

### Kanna

![kanna_dark_code](../screens/themes/kanna_dark_code.png)

### Tohru

![tohru_light_code](../screens/themes/tohru_light_code.png)


Lucky Star
---

### Izumi Konata
![konata_dark_code](../screens/themes/konata_dark_code.png)


Steins Gate
---

### Makaise Kurisu

![kurisu_dark_code](../screens/themes/kurisu_dark_code.png)

Rascal Dreams of Bunny Girl Senpai
---

### Sakurajima Mai

![mai_dark_code](../screens/themes/mai_dark_code.png)
![mai_light_code](../screens/themes/mai_light_code.png)

Blend S
---

### Sakuranomiya Maika

![maika_dark_code](../screens/themes/maika_dark_code.png)


Daily Life with a Monster Girl
---

### Miia

![miia_dark_code](../screens/themes/miia_dark_code.png)

Vocaloid
---

### Hatsune Miku
![miku_code](../screens/themes/miku_code.png)


Neon Jellyfish Evan Gel Lion
---

### Katsuragi Misato
![misato_dark_code](../screens/themes/misato_dark_code.png)

### Ayanami Rei
![rei_dark_code](../screens/themes/rei_dark_code.png)


Doki-Doki Literature Club
---

### Just Monika
![monika_dark_code](../screens/themes/monika_dark_code.png)
![monika_light_code](../screens/themes/monika_light_code.png)

### Natsuki
![natsuki_dark_code](../screens/themes/natsuki_dark_code.png)
![natsuki_light_code](../screens/themes/natsuki_light_code.png)

### Sayori
![sayori_dark_code](../screens/themes/sayori_dark_code.png)
![sayori_light_code](../screens/themes/sayori_light_code.png)

### Yuri
![yuri_dark_code](../screens/themes/yuri_dark_code.png)
![yuri_light_code](../screens/themes/yuri_light_code.png)


Highschool DxD
---

### Rias Gremory

![rias_crimson_code](../screens/themes/rias_crimson_code.png)
![rias_onyx_code](../screens/themes/rias_onyx_code.png)


Gate
---

### Rory Mercury

![rory_dark_code](../screens/themes/rory_dark_code.png)

KillLaKill
---

### Matoi Ryuko

![ryuko_code](../screens/themes/ryuko_code.png)
![ryuko_light_code](../screens/themes/ryuko_light_code.png)

### Kiryuin Satsuki

![satsuki_light_code](../screens/themes/satsuki_light_code.png)
![satsuki_dark_code](../screens/themes/satsuki_dark_code.png)

Love Live
---

### Sonoda Umi

![umi_dark_code](../screens/themes/umi_dark_code.png)

OreGairu
---

### Yukinoshita Yukino

![yukino_dark_code](../screens/themes/yukino_dark_code.png)

Kakegurui
---

### Jabami Yumeko
![yumeko_dark_code](../screens/themes/yumeko_dark_code.png)


Future Diary
---

### Gasai Yuno
![yuno_dark_code](../screens/themes/yuno_dark_code.png)
